The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Standard Lighting Company Catalogue for
1901, by Standard Lighting

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.



Title: The Standard Lighting Company Catalogue for 1901

Author: Standard Lighting

Release Date: March 22, 2017 [EBook #54399]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE STANDARD LIGHTING ***




Produced by Chris Curnow, ellinora and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This
file was produced from images generously made available
by The Internet Archive)






                           Transcriber Notes

 ● Obvious typos and punctuation errors corrected. Inconsistencies in
     hyphenation retained.
 ● Dimensions made consistent with a single space on each side of the ×
     character.
 ● Format and spacing of pricing, code word and other details varied
     slightly depending on how much information needed to fit on a
     single page in the original. The format has been made more
     consistent here.
 ● Ditto marks in tables replaced with the words they represent.
 ● A right pointing hand character is used on one page. If the current
     font on the device does not support this character, ☞, it may not
     appear correctly.
 ● A decorative header with what might be the company’s slogan, “The
     Safety & Economy,” was included at the top of nearly all interior
     pages where there was room to fit it in the original. This
     decorative header has been retained at the top of product line
     introductions and some other major divisions.
 ● Descriptions of illustrations without caption added. Decorative year
     on title page replicated in text.
 ● Italics are represented by underscores surrounding the _italic text_.
 ● Bold text is represented by equals signs surrounding the =bold text=.
 ● Underlines are represented by plus signs surrounding the +underlined
     text+.
 ● Small capitals have been converted to ALL CAPS.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                               -=:1901:=-

                     The Standard Lighting Company

                            CLEVELAND, OHIO,
                                U. S. A.

           [Illustration: OFFICE AND WORKS, PERKINS AVENUE.]

                            Manufacturers of

             +“New Process” Vapor Stoves,+
                   +“Standard” Giant Burner Stoves,+
                       +“Globe” Junior Generating Stoves,+
                           +and “Standard” Ther-Lite+

                             FOR GASOLINE.

               “STANDARD” WICKLESS BLUE FLAME OIL STOVES
                       For Coal Oil or Gasoline.

                 “STANDARD” WICK BLUE FLAME OIL STOVES
                           For Coal Oil Only.

   “NEW PROCESS” Oil Heaters, Torches and “GLOBE” Incandescent Lamps.

         “NEW PROCESS” GAS RANGES, SHOWN IN SPECIAL CATALOGUE.


                   _Printed by The F. W. Roberts Co.,
                           Cleveland, Ohio._

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                             TO THE TRADE.


In presenting this catalogue to the trade, we beg to call attention to
the completeness in detail of the various lines herein represented,
embracing the largest variety of the latest improved cooking devices
which inventive genius and manufacturer’s skill have, as yet, been able
to produce.

We take just pride in the efficiency already attained in the
construction and the general advancement of the Gasoline and Oil Stove
business, of which we have been largely the originators.

A glance at the pages following will disclose the fact that we have been
thoroughly alive to the best interests of our line, showing more new
goods and greater improvements than we have ever before been able to
offer in a single season.

Our leaders, the “NEW PROCESS” Gasoline Stoves, and the “STANDARD”
WICKLESS BLUE FLAME Oil Stoves, together with an almost endless variety
of medium and low-priced stoves, will enable Jobbers and Dealers who are
identified with our line, to supply every possible demand for this class
of goods.

We hope by enterprise in keeping our different lines of goods in the
highest possible state of perfection, and by a strict adherence to the
principle of right in our dealings, to merit a continuance of the
liberal patronage which has been accorded us in the past.

                                              THE STANDARD LIGHTING CO.,
                                                   CLEVELAND, OHIO.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                     THE “NEW PROCESS” VAPOR STOVE.

                    The Original Evaporating Stove.


It is with the feeling of great assurance and satisfaction that we offer
to the trade our “=New Process=” Vapor Stove, shown on pages following.
It is the =Original Evaporating Stove= that has revolutionized the
Gasoline Stove business.

For more than a decade it has demonstrated its superiority over every
other stove, in =Safety, Simplicity and Economy= of operation, and has
won for itself a place in the hearts and homes of many thousands of
housewives, whose burdens have been made lighter and lives happier by
its use.

It lights like gas! A feature that makes it popular, as without heat,
smoke or delay, the stove can be instantly started in operation; turn
the valve wheel and apply the match; the stove is ready for work. Could
anything be more simple? No carrying in coal or wood; no smoke, soot or
dirt; no ashes to carry out; the ceilings of the kitchens are not
covered with black smoke and soot where the “=New Process=” Gasoline
Stove is used.

The tank, or gasoline reservoir, is not connected to the stove and can
be easily lifted from it and carried to an outer room for filling or
cleaning, thus insuring safety.

In operation, the fluid drips drop by drop (never runs) on the
perforated brass evaporator, where it is divided into fine particles,
which, passing through the air, evaporate; the gas thus made being
heavier than air, passes down through the evaporator tubes, mixing with
and carburetting a current of air, which is lighted at the burner,
producing a smokeless blue flame of great intensity and heating power.

Thus it will be seen that the “=New Process=” is a veritable gas machine
and a gas stove combined, entirely under the control of the user, who
can increase or decrease the supply of fuel at will, securing the
requisite amount of heat without waste; starting or stopping the fire
according to requirement, thereby securing the greatest possible
convenience, safety and economy of operation.

The “=New Process=” solves the problem of economical cooking in all
country homes and suburban residences where gas for fuel cannot be
obtained, giving to the user every advantage, convenience and comfort
which the use of gas stoves and other modern appliances afford.

The general construction of all our stoves is thoroughly first-class.
The design is new, attractive and well planned for convenience. The
frames of all “=New Process=” Stoves are made in cabinet style and are
strong and rigid. The tops are of ample width and provided with
removable grates; the burner drums are of polished brass. The burner
caps =are removable=. The sub-fire device is removable with the burner
cap for inspection and cleaning, a point of great advantage. The stove
is provided with a sight feed, so that the dropping of the gasoline can
at all times be seen when the stove is in operation. The valves are
provided with needles, having non-corrosive points; the tank is provided
with a float which automatically equalizes and regulates the flow of
gasoline at all times, consequently the tank works as well with a small
amount of gasoline in it as it does when full. Parts exposed to the fire
are cast iron and imperishable. All parts are so constructed that they
can easily be cleaned; the stoves are handsomely enameled and
ornamented. All stoves are carefully tested before shipping.

Improvement is the “watch word” of the age, and the “=New Process=” will
not be found in the rear guard, in the “onward march to the goal of
perfection.” Early in its history its unqualified efficiency and success
were demonstrated and it sprang at once into popular favor, where it
still remains in advance of every competitor.

The “=New Process=” Vapor Stove is the original evaporating stove; it
offers valuable features that are not to be found in any other gasoline
stove. With the new features and improvements for =1901=, it is farther
in the lead than ever before.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 3. “New Process” Semi-Cabinet.
  Price $23.00.
  Code Word “Lion.”
]

     ═════════╤══════╤══════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
        TOP   │HEIGHT│   STEP   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
              │      │          │      │                 │ WEIGHT
              │      │          │      │                 │  WITH
              │      │          │      │                 │  OVEN
     ─────────┼──────┼──────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
     26″ × 21″│ 28½″ │18″ × 14½″│ 45″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│150 lbs.
     ─────────┴──────┴──────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

Cut shows our new encased sheet steel frame which, for convenience,
strength and beauty, is unsurpassed. Oven can be pushed back upon a
rest, as shown, leaving step free for other purposes. Oven is of our New
Process pattern; is made of Russia iron and can be knocked down in
compact form for shipment. Stove is mounted on casters. Is well suited
to the requirements of a medium size family. =All “New Process”
Evaporating Stoves= burn the vapor of gasoline. Absolutely safe.
Reservoir can not be filled unless removed from the stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 4. “New Process” Semi-Cabinet.
  Price $26.00.
  Code Word “Bear.”
]

     ═════════╤══════╤══════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
        TOP   │HEIGHT│   STEP   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
              │      │          │      │                 │ WEIGHT
              │      │          │      │                 │  WITH
              │      │          │      │                 │  OVEN
     ─────────┼──────┼──────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
     33″ × 21″│ 28½″ │18″ × 14½″│ 52″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│170 lbs.
     ─────────┴──────┴──────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

Cut shows oven in position for baking. Oven is of Russia iron, New
Process style. The flues are arranged to distribute the heat evenly, and
the oven is a perfect baker and roaster. Is shipped knocked down in very
compact form. Can be put together in two minutes. Stove is mounted on
casters. On account of its simplicity, safety and economy, we recommend
the “New Process” as the most desirable gasoline stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 7. “New Process” Cabinet Range.
  Price $25.00.
  Code Word “Tiger.”
]

     ═══════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
         TOP    │HEIGHT│  BASE   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
                │      │         │      │                 │ WEIGHT
     ───────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
     25½″ × 21¾″│ 35¼″ │25″ × 20″│ 25½″ │18″ × 14½″ × 12¼″│175 lbs.
     ───────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

Same as the No. 8, without the step. Has new improved oven. Is mounted
on casters. Oven door is hinged at bottom and counter-balanced by a
powerful coiled spring. A very desirable stove for a small family.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 8. “New Process” Cabinet Range.
  Price $29.00.
  Code Word “Hyena.”
]

 ═══════════╤══════╤═════════╤═══════════╤══════╤══════════════╤════════
     TOP    │HEIGHT│  BASE   │   STEP    │LENGTH│     OVEN     │SHIPPING
            │      │         │           │      │              │ WEIGHT
 ───────────┼──────┼─────────┼───────────┼──────┼──────────────┼────────
 25½″ × 21¾″│ 35¼″ │25″ × 20″│19½″ × 11¼″│ 36¾″ │  18″ × 14½″  │200 lbs.
            │      │         │           │      │    × 12¼″    │
 ───────────┴──────┴─────────┴───────────┴──────┴──────────────┴────────

This range is very compact, occupying but small floor space. Is mounted
on casters. Has three burners besides the one under oven. Step burner
can be used to heat a wash boiler or for canning, preserving, broiling,
or other purposes. Oven door is hinged at the bottom and
counter-balanced by a powerful coiled spring. Has a new improved oven
and is a very successful baker.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                Repairs for “New Process” Vapor Stoves.

                   See Price List on Pages 9 and 10.

 When in doubt as to the year in which stove was made refer to page 11.

           [Illustration: Images of parts in following list]

------------------------------------------------------------------------


           Repair Price List for “New Process” Vapor Stoves.

 Orders for repairs must be accompanied with remittance to cover cost of
  repairs and postage. All repairs sold F. O. B. Cleveland. Terms cash.

    In ordering always give number and date or serial letter of stove.
                     (See page 11 for date of stove.)

      ═══════════════════════════════════════════════════╤═══════
                                                         │Postage
      ───────────────────────────────────────────────────┼───────
              { Tank for No. 1 Stove, complete      $3 00│
              { Tank for No. 2 Stove, complete       3 25│
              { Tank for No. 3 Stove, complete       3 25│
      No. 1   { Tank for No. 4 Stove, complete       3 50│
              { Tank for No. 7 Stove, complete       3 25│
              { Tank for No. 8 Stove, complete       3 50│
                                                         │
      In ordering Tanks always give No. of stove         │
      and latest date of patent. The Tank made in        │
      1896 same as shown in cut on preceding             │
      page, as No. 1 can be used on all stoves           │
      made earlier than that year and should be          │
      ordered for such stoves. Tanks for 1897            │
      stoves and later are all the same as we are        │
      now using.                                         │
                                                         │
      No. 2 A Valve, complete, with Needle for         60│     6c
      tank ’90 pattern                                   │
                                                         │
      No. 2 B Valve, complete, with Needle for         60│     6c
      tank 1891-’92 pattern                              │
                                                         │
      The center Valves for ’91 and ’92 pattern          │
      are the same. The 1892 end Valves have vent        │
      holes in top, the ’91 have not.                    │
                                                         │
      In ordering Nos. 2 A and 2 B say whether           │
      right, left or center.                             │
                                                         │
      No. 2 C Valve, complete, with needle and         60│     6c
      union nut for tank 1893 pattern                    │
                                                         │
      No. 2 D Valve, complete, with needle for         60│     6c
      tank 1894-’95-’96                                  │
                                                         │
      No. 2 E Valve, complete, with needle for         60│     5c
      tank 1897-’98-’99-1900 and 1901                    │
                                                         │
      In ordering Valves say whether they are            │
      soldered to supply pipe, fastened to it            │
      with a union nut, or screw into a solid            │
      nipple.                                            │
                                                         │
      No. 2½ O Needle only for Valve. Will fit         25│     3c
      all valves previous to 1897.                       │
                                                         │
      No. 2½ N Needle only for Valve for               25│     3c
      1897-’98-’99 and 1900 stoves                       │
                                                         │
      When a Valve Needle is found to be a trifle        │
      short and will not close the valve orifice         │
      tightly, turn the check nut on the needle          │
      back about a quarter or half turn, which           │
      will allow the needle to go further into           │
      the valve and close it.                            │
                                                         │
              { Top Nickel Shelf for No. 1 Stove       75│
      No. 3   { Top Nickel Shelf for No. 2 Stove       90│
      No. 3 C { Top Nickel Shelf for No. 3 Stove       90│
      No. 3 S { Top Nickel Shelf for No. 4 Stove     1 00│
              { Top Nickel Shelf for No. 7 Stove       90│
              { Top Nickel Shelf for No. 8 Stove     1 00│
                                                         │
      No. 3 Shelf (not shown) for all stoves             │
      previous to ’94. No. 3 C is for ’94 stove.         │
      No. 3 S is for all stoves after ’94. In            │
      ordering Shelf always give number of stove         │
      and latest date of patent.                         │
                                                         │
      No. 4 C Nickel Shelf Brackets (right or          25│    12c
      left) each.                                        │
                                                         │
      No. 4 S. Always give number or size of           25│    12c
      stove and latest date of patent                    │
                                                         │
      No. 5 Small Nickel Shelves (between tubes)       20│     5c
                                                         │
      No. 6 Drip and Hot Air Tubes with              1 50│
      Evaporator for top burners, complete. Say          │
      whether for top or oven burners.                   │
                                                         │
      Give number and date of stove.                     │
                                                         │
      No. 7 Sawed Cap for Top Burners                  25│    10c
                                                         │
      Number and date of stove must be given.            │
                                                         │
      No. 8 O { Grate for Top Burners                  30│
      No. 8 N { Always say for “New Process”             │
              Stoves.                                    │
                                                         │
      No. 9 Drop End Shelf (Japanned, not shown        75│
      in cut).                                           │
                                                         │
      No. 10 Burner Drum made of Japanned Iron or    1 50│
      Steel, including short pipe, cap and sheet         │
      metal heat collector for top burners,              │
      complete.                                          │
                                                         │
      For all stoves previous to 1893. The Drum          │
      made for the 1892 Stoves should be ordered         │
      and used. This is true of the top burners          │
      only, the oven burners being different for         │
      the different years. All top burner Drums          │
      are interchangeable, for right, left or            │
      center burners. Our regular brass burner           │
      drums cannot be used on stoves made                │
      previous to 1893.                                  │
                                                         │
      No. 10 B Burner Drum made of brass,            2 25│
      including short pipe, cap and heat                 │
      collector for top burners, complete.               │
                                                         │
      Brass Burner Drums are made for the 1893           │
      stoves and later. They are interchangeable         │
      for right, left or center burners. The 1893        │
      and 1894 Drums are practically the same and        │
      have no sub-burners. The 1895 and 1896 are         │
      alike and have a sub-flame.                        │
                                                         │
      The 1897-’98-’99 are all alike and                 │
      interchangeable, and have the same                 │
      arrangement of caps, center tubes and              │
      sub-burners. The 1900 and 1901 Burner Drums        │
      are alike and interchangeable, except the          │
      sub-burners. In ordering it is necessary to        │
      give date of stove and say whether for the         │
      top or oven burner.                                │
                                                         │
      No. 11 A Heat Collector only for ’90, ’91        35│
      and ’92                                            │
                                                         │
      Lower part of Heat Collector                     15│
                                                         │
      Top part of Heat Collector                       30│
                                                         │
      These Heat Collectors are alike and                │
      interchangeable for the top burners.               │
                                                         │
      No. 11 B Heat Collector only for ’93, ’94,       50│
      ’95 and ’96 stoves                                 │
                                                         │
      Lower part of Heat Collector                     15│
                                                         │
      Top part of Heat Collector                       40│
                                                         │
      No. 11 C Heat Collector only for ’97, ’98        60│
      and ’99 stoves.                                    │
                                                         │
      This part is given on preceding page as cut        │
      No. 1 C.                                           │
                                                         │
      No. 11 D (not shown in cuts of repairs)          60│
      Heat Collector only for 1900 and 1901              │
      stoves.                                            │
                                                         │
      No. 12 Oven Drip and Hot Air Tube with         1 60│
      Evaporator, complete                               │
                                                         │
      Give No. of stove and latest date of               │
      patent.                                            │
                                                         │
      No. 13 Oven Burner Casting (only) to which       50│
      sawed cap is bolted                                │
                                                         │
      Give No. of stove and latest date of               │
      patent.                                            │
                                                         │
      No. 14 Oven Burner Drum (only) made of           75│
      terne plate (not shown in cut)                     │
                                                         │
      No. 14 B Oven Burner Drum (only) made of       1 75│
      brass.                                             │
                                                         │
      In ordering 14 or 14 B repairs, always give        │
      No. of stove and date of patent. It is well        │
      also to describe the part wanted, as many          │
      changes have been made in the oven burners.        │
                                                         │
      _Note_—If the burner drum only, less the           │
      heat collector, cap and center tube, for           │
      top burner is wanted, use the repair number        │
      14, for iron drum and No. 14 B for brass           │
      drum say for top burner and be sure to give        │
      date of stove.                                     │
                                                         │
      No. 16 Front Brace for step (not shown in        25│    10c
      cut)                                               │
                                                         │
      No. 17 Back Brace for step (see cut)             25│    12c
                                                         │
      No. 18 E Oven Grate for ’93 and ’94 stove        85│
                                                         │
      No. 18 L for all later                           85│
                                                         │
      No. 19 Oven Burner Cap (sawed)                   35│    25c
                                                         │
      Be sure to give date of stove as the caps          │
      are not interchangeable on stoves made in          │
      different years.                                   │
                                                         │
      _Note_—The least irregular opening at the          │
      top of a “New Process” burner will cause           │
      the flame to pop out. When this occurs with        │
      the oven burner, look carefully first for          │
      crack in sawed burner cap as the least             │
      break will cause trouble. See if the cap is        │
      warped up leaving an opening above center          │
      tube. See that the center tube is in the           │
      proper place. If the asbestos packing under        │
      the lower edge of the sawed cap is                 │
      imperfect or out of place the same trouble         │
      will be experienced. A new burner cap and          │
      packing is the remedy.                             │
                                                         │
      No. 20 Oven Burner Ring for ’93 and ’94          15│    11c
      stoves                                             │
                                                         │
      No. 21 Weight Arm for Oven Burner Ring           15│     3c
      (right or left) for ’93 or ’94 stoves              │
                                                         │
      No. 22 Oven Rest or Track for ’93 or ’94         50│
      stoves                                             │
                                                         │
      No. 23 Oven Rest or Track, made of steel.        20│     5c
      For ’95, ’96, ’97, ’98, ’99, 1900 or 1901          │
      stoves; each                                       │
                                                         │
      No. 24 Brass Evaporators                         40│     4c
                                                         │
      No. 25 Name Plate                                20│    10c
                                                         │
      No. 26 Oven Flame Reducer Caps                   15│     6c
                                                         │
      No. 27 Top Flame Reducer Caps                    15│     6c
                                                         │
      No. 28 Glass Domes for Evaporating Tubes         15│    12c
      1893 or 1894, 5-1⁄16 inch diameter                 │
                                                         │
      Always give date of patent on stove and            │
      diameter of dome.                                  │
                                                         │
      No. 28 Glass Domes for Evaporating Tubes         15│     9c
      ’95, ’96, ’97, ’98 and ’99, 4⅞ in.                 │
      diameter. (This with cast ring will fit any        │
      stove).                                            │
                                                         │
      Give latest date of patent on stove and            │
      diameter of dome.                                  │
                                                         │
      No. 29 Center Tubes for Burner Drums. Give       20│     6c
      length of tube and say for which burner,           │
      top or step                                        │
                                                         │
      Describe fully and give date of stove. In          │
      giving length of center tube it is best to         │
      give measurement of old tube as sometimes          │
      the sawed cap becomes warped up so that the        │
      exact length of center tube cannot be              │
      secured from the burner. This is especially        │
      true of the oven burner.                           │
                                                         │
      No. 30 Protector Ring for Top of Burner          10│     5c
      (’93 or ’94 stoves)                                │
                                                         │
      Sheets of Asbestos for oven bottom.              20│     5c
                                                         │
      No. 31 Evaporator Horse Shoe. Many changes       15│     7c
      have been made in this repair. Describe            │
      fully and give latest date on stove.               │
                                                         │
      No. 32 Cone Seat Ring. (Say if for top or        15│     4c
      step burner)                                       │
                                                         │
      No. 32 B Cone Seat Ring for ’93 and later        15│     4c
      stoves.                                            │
                                                         │
      No. 33 Dome Nut.                                 10│     2c
                                                         │
      No. 34 Leg for ’92 Flue Extension                20│    16c
                                                         │
      No. 35 Columns for Top Shelf (Nickel). See       35│    17c
      number on castings and give date of stove.         │
                                                         │
      Shelf columns of different styles have been        │
      made for 1896 and later stoves. In ordering        │
      it is necessary to give the repair number          │
      and also the date of stove or serial letter        │
      which is found on the number plate.                │
                                                         │
      No. 36 Cast Flue Extension for 1892 stove        30│
                                                         │
      No. 37 Sub-Burner and Center Tube for No. 8      25│    10c
      cabinet oven burner                                │
                                                         │
      No. 38 Cabinet Range Oven Burner, complete     2 75│
                                                         │
      No. 39 Oven Door Hinge, 1893 (right or           15│     2c
      left)                                              │
                                                         │
      No. 40 Oven Racks (sheet steel or wire not       30│
      shown)                                             │
                                                         │
      No. 41 Patent Plate (not shown)                  15│     6c
                                                         │
      No. 42 Tank Plate                                35│
                                                         │
      No. 43 Tank Plate Handle (not shown)             20│     6c
                                                         │
      No. 44 Cast Flue (1892 stove not shown).         50│
                                                         │
      No. 45 Tin Elbows (not shown).                   25│     5c
                                                         │
      No. 46 N. P. Tank Funnel                         20│     3c
                                                         │
      No. 47 End Shelf Hook                            10│     2c
                                                         │
      No. 48 Sub-Burner, complete (not shown)          35│     7c
                                                         │
      This number is given for the sub-burner            │
      used on the 1895 and 1896 stoves. On the           │
      later stoves the sub-burner casting is             │
      attached to the center tube and top sawed          │
      cap, all of which go together.                     │
                                                         │
      No. 49 Sub-Burner Cap (not shown                 15│     2c
      separately)                                        │
                                                         │
      No. 50 Sub-Burner Flip                           20│     3c
                                                         │
      The cut No. 50 shows the flip for the 1895         │
      and 1896 sub-burner. The flip for later            │
      stoves may be ordered by using the repair          │
      No. 50 and giving the date of stove.               │
                                                         │
      Oven Top                                       1 00│
                                                         │
      Oven Back                                      1 25│
                                                         │
      Oven End, each                                 1 00│
                                                         │
      Oven Door                                      1 00│
                                                         │
      Oven Door Front and Bottom                     1 25│
                                                         │
      No. 51 Valves and Pipe for No. 1 Tank ’97,     1 50│
      ’98, ’99, 1900 and 1901                            │
                                                         │
      No. 52 Valves and Pipe for No. 2 and 3 Tank    2 00│
      ’97, ’98, ’99, 1900 and 1901                       │
                                                         │
      No. 53 Valves and Pipe for No. 4 and 8 Tank    2 75│
      ’97, ’98, ’99, 1900 and 1901                       │
                                                         │
      The sets of valves, complete, given as Nos.        │
      51, 52 and 53 are easily put on to the tank        │
      and can be ordered for tanks made in the           │
      years mentioned. For tanks made previously         │
      it is better to order valves separately            │
      rather than complete with supply pipe.             │
                                                         │
      No. 54 Step Burner, complete. Always give      2 50│
      date of patent on stove.                           │
                                                         │
      No. 55 Weight for Oven Ring, ’93 and ’94         15│
                                                         │
      No. 56 Top Casting of Heat Collector ’97,        20│    13c
      ’98 and ’99.                                       │
                                                         │
      No. 57 Sub-Burner for ’96 stove only             20│     6c
                                                         │
      No. 58 Corner Foot with caster for “New          35│    16c
      Process” frame                                     │
                                                         │
      This part is not shown in cut but is used          │
      on the ’99, 1900 and 1901 stoves. In               │
      ordering state for which corner it is              │
      wanted.                                            │
                                                         │
      No. 59 Center Foot with caster for “New          25│    10c
      Process” frame                                     │
                                                         │
      No. 60 Middle Bracket Brace, nickel plated,      25│    10c
      for “New Process” box frame (not shown in          │
      cut). Say whether for right or left side.          │
      ───────────────────────────────────────────────────┴───────

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                      “NEW PROCESS” VAPOR STOVES.

   In Ordering Repairs, Always Refer to Cuts Below for Date of Stove.

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1891 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.
(Cut of 1890 Stove not shown.)]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1892 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1892 “NEW PROCESS” Range
Cabinet.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1893 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1894 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1895 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1896 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1897-1898 “NEW PROCESS” Step
Stove.]

[Illustration: This cut represents our 1899 “NEW PROCESS” Step Stove.]

------------------------------------------------------------------------

           [Illustration: Drawing of stove with parts marked]


                            READ CAREFULLY.

As our patterns are changed from year to year, it is absolutely
necessary that we know =the year the stove was made= for which you want
repairs, and whether it is a No. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 or 8. The stoves
are constructed of parts made detachable and interchangeable, and in
ordering repairs =be particular= to specify, =by number only=, just
which parts are required. It will not be necessary to order a drum (10)
and heat collector (11) where =only= the former is needed. See cut
above.

As you face the stove, the parts are “right” and “left.” Valves are
“right,” “left” and “center.” As valves have been changed from year to
year, be particular in ordering valves for old tanks, to specify whether
valves are soldered on feed pipe or fastened with a loose nut or union,
or screwed into a solid nipple. Top brackets for 1893, 1894 and 1895
stoves are “right” and “left,” also the arms for weights. Step braces
are “front” and “back.” If drip and hot air tubes are wanted, say
whether for “right,” “left,” “center” or “oven” burners, and give the
number of stove.

The 1893, 1894, 1895, 1896, 1897, 1898, 1899 and 1900 ovens are made of
sections. New parts can be furnished, which anyone can put in place in a
few minutes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                The “Standard” Ther-Lite Gasoline Stove.
                      It Furnishes Heat and Light.


[Illustration: Stove]

This stove is something entirely new and unique. It is a gas machine, a
cook stove and an incandescent lamp combined.

The stove is constructed with a powerful generator which is located near
the front of the stove and is independent of all the burners. This
generator can be started quickly, without smoke, and can be operated at
a nominal cost, furnishing gas for all the burners and the light. The
light can be used at any time and independent of the burners by simply
starting the generator. The burners are large, with removable sawed caps
that spread the heat evenly over the bottom of the cooking vessel. After
the generator has been heated there is no further delay in lighting any
of the burners. The “Standard” Ther-Lite is very simple and easy to
operate. It is a safe, efficient and economical cook stove and, with the
additional feature of incandescent illumination, is the most practical
and useful gasoline stove ever made. The stove can be ordered either
with or without the light. The light attachment can be put on or removed
at any time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 520. “Standard” Ther-Lite Gasoline Stove.
  Price $12.00.

  No. 520L. “Standard” Ther-Lite with Light Attachment.
  Price $14.00.

  Code Word “Pack.” With Light “Packing.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 25″  │   2   │60 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut shows the No. 520L Standard Ther-Lite with light
attachment. Can be ordered either with or without the light. Has a
safety tank which is removed for filling. An oven can be placed on top
of stove for baking.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 521. “Standard” Ther-Lite Gasoline Stove.
  Price $14.00.

  No. 521L. “Standard” Ther-Lite, with Light Attachment.
  Price $16.00.

  Code Word “Paint.” With Light “Painting.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 33″  │   3   │70 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The No. 521L shown in cut has three large burners and can be furnished
either with or without the light attachment. Has a safety tank which
must be removed for filling. An oven can be placed on top of stove for
baking.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 525. “Standard” Ther-Lite Gasoline Stove.
  Price $18.00.

  No. 525L. “Standard” Ther-Lite with Light Attachment.
  Price $20.00.

  Code Word “Pick.” With Light “Picking.”
]

          ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═════════╤════════╤════════
             TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│  STEP   │BURNERS │SHIPPING
                   │      │      │         │        │ WEIGHT
          ─────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────┼────────┼────────
          25″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 42″  │18″ × 24″│   3    │100 lbs.
          ─────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────┴────────┴────────

The No. 525L shown in cut is a very convenient and suitable stove for an
ordinary family. Has two burners on top of stove and one on the step for
the oven. It is provided with removable safety tank. All Ther-Lite
Stoves can be ordered either with or without the light attachment. The
light can be added to or removed from the stove at any time.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 526. “Standard” Ther-Lite Gasoline Stove.
  Price $20.00.

  No. 526L. “Standard” Ther-Lite with Light Attachment.
  Price $22.00.

  Code Word “Pound.” With Light “Pounding.”
]

          ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═════════╤════════╤════════
             TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│  STEP   │BURNERS │SHIPPING
                   │      │      │         │        │ WEIGHT
          ─────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────┼────────┼────────
          33″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 50½″ │18″ × 14″│   4    │115 lbs.
          ─────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────┴────────┴────────

The No. 526L is a stove well suited to the use of a large family. It has
three burners on top of stove and one on the step for the oven. Has
safety tank and all the conveniences offered on the other sizes of
Ther-Lite Stoves. It is a veritable gas machine, gas stove and
incandescent lamp combined. Its field of usefulness is unlimited.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




              The “Standard” Giant Burner Gasoline Stove.


[Illustration: Cut shows “Standard” Giant Burner With Smokeless
Lighter.]

The “Standard” Giant Burner for 1901 is a gasoline stove that can be
fully recommended. The burners are individual generators that operate
without a sub-fire. The burner cap is not bolted to the burner and is
easily removed for cleaning. The burner head is large and made of brass.
It has a large generating surface and is constructed with a lip of brass
extending from the top of the head up above the burner cap and into the
flame. This makes it a very powerful generator which will maintain a
constant, steady flame even when a heavy grade of gasoline is used. The
large upper needle controls the flow of gas to the burner and should
never be used until after the burner has been heated and ready for
lighting. The lower small needle should never be used except for turning
on the gasoline in the starting cup. In starting the burner it is not
necessary to wait for all the gasoline to burn out of the cup. About two
minutes after the starting cup has been lighted turn on the main needle
and the burner is ready for cooking. The small upright needle located at
the bottom of the large center tube is the cleaning needle and is only
to be used for cleaning the orifice or opening that regulates the flow
of gas to the burner. When a heavy grade of gasoline is used this
orifice is liable to become clogged. To avoid this the cleaning needle
should be turned up every few days and the orifice kept clean. The
“Standard” Giant Burner stove lights quickly and maintains a large flame
which spreads evenly over the bottom of the cooking vessel. The stove is
simple in construction, perfect in operation, handsome in appearance and
is recommended as a good medium priced gasoline stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 151. “Standard” Giant Burner Low Junior.
  Price $8.00.
  Code Word “White.”

  No. 152. “Standard” Giant Burner Low Junior.
  Price $10.00.
  Code Word “Black.”
]

              ═══╤═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
              No.│   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                 │         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                 │         │      │      │BURNERS│
              ───┼─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
              151│25″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 25″  │   2   │40 lbs.
              152│33″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 33″  │   3   │50 lbs.
              ───┴─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The Nos. 151 and 152 “Standard” Giant Burner Low Juniors are built on
the same principle throughout as our other Giant Burner stoves. Have the
improved “Standard” burners and removable safety tank. An oven can be
used on top of stove for baking. They are very efficient stoves at a low
price. The No. 151 has two burners and the No. 152 has three, all
provided with our improved smokeless lighter.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 160. “Standard” Giant Burner.
  Price $10.00.
  Code Word “Red.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 25″  │   2   │60 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The No. 160 “Standard” Giant Burner is a safe, convenient generating
gasoline stove. It is made on a high frame and is a suitable size for a
small family. An oven can be used on top for baking. Has safety tank.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 161. “Standard” Giant Burner.
  Price $12.00.
  Code Word “Blue.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 33″  │   3   │70 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

There is no better medium-priced generating gasoline stove than the No.
161 shown. Like all other “Standard” Giant Burners, it has a smokeless
lighting device. It is convenient in size and height and will do the
work of any cook stove. For baking, the oven is used on top burners. Has
safety tank, which must be removed for filling.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 165. “Standard” Giant Burner.
  Price with Iron Drop Door Oven, $18.00.
  Price without Oven, $15.00.
  Code Word “Green.”
]

           ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═════════╤═══════╤════════
              TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│  STEP   │BURNERS│SHIPPING
                    │      │      │         │       │ WEIGHT
           ─────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────┼───────┼────────
           25″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 42″  │18″ × 14″│   3   │100 lbs.
           ─────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────┴───────┴────────

The above cut represents our No. 165 “Standard” Giant Burner Stove with
step and oven. The oven can be removed and the step burner used for
other purposes. Has removable tank and the improved “Standard” burners.
All burners are independent and are provided with the smokeless lighting
device. It is a very convenient and desirable stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 166. “Standard” Giant Burner.
  Price, with Iron Drop Door Oven, $20.00.
  Price, without Oven, $17.00.
  Code Word “Yellow.”
]

           ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═════════╤═══════╤════════
              TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│  STEP   │NUMBER │SHIPPING
                    │      │      │         │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                    │      │      │         │BURNERS│
           ─────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────┼───────┼────────
           33″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 50½″ │18″ × 14″│   4   │115 lbs.
           ─────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────┴───────┴────────

The “Standard” Giant Burner Stoves are the most perfect generating
stoves on the market. They are fitted with our improved type of giant
burner. Do not smoke while being lighted. The burner gives a large,
powerful flame, which is evenly distributed over bottom of cooking
vessel. These stoves are well made throughout, and equipped with safety
tanks which must be removed from stove for filling. No. 166 has three
top burners and one step burner.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                   The “Globe” Junior Gasoline Stove.


[Illustration: image of stove part]

To those who desire an old style individual generator gasoline stove, we
recommend the Globe Junior, which is made on both high and low frames.
The burner head is made of brass and has a large generating surface. The
cap is of the drilled type. The standpipe is made of brass and is packed
in such a manner as to give a steady flame. The large upper needle
controls the flow of gas to the burner. The small upright needle is for
cleaning only and should be turned up every few days, until the point
shows at the orifice, and back again until the orifice is clear,
otherwise the opening is liable to become clogged from paraffine or
other impurities in the gasoline. Should the cleaning needle be hard to
turn, a little lubricating oil or hard soap should be used on the
threads.

The Globe Juniors are handsome in appearance; those with drop safety
tanks are made only on box frames; those with stationary tanks are made
either on box or skeleton frames, as ordered. Only the best workmanship
and materials enter into the construction of our Globe Juniors and they
should not be compared with the many cheaply constructed Juniors on the
market.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 1. Globe Low Junior.
  Price $4.00
  Code Word “Iron.”

  No. 01. Globe Low Junior
  with Stationary Tank, Price $3.50
  Code Word “Wheat.”
  No. 01 with Skeleton Frame, $3.00
]

               ══════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                  TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
               ──────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
               18″ × 15½″│ 14″  │ 18″  │   1   │20 lbs.
               ──────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut represents the one burner Junior, 14 inches high. This
stove has the same powerful burner used on the larger stoves and is
desirable where a single constant flame is required. Always state
whether Box or Skeleton frame is desired.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 2. Globe Low Junior.
  Price $5.50.
  Code Word “Steel.”

  No. 02. Globe Low Junior
  with Stationary Tank, Price $5.00.
  Code Word “Corn.”
  No. 02 with Skeleton Frame, $4.50.
]

               ═══════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                          │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                          │      │      │BURNERS│
               ───────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
               22½″ × 15½″│ 14″  │ 22½″ │   2   │25 lbs.
               ───────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut represents the two burner Junior, 14 inches high. This
stove is made in a substantial manner and is perfect in design and
finish. Has two powerful individual burners. The No. 2 is fitted with
safety tank. Oven can be used on top of stove for baking. The No. 02,
while it has the same general construction, is not provided with safety
tank. All Globe Juniors are made with brass stand pipes and burner heads
and are the best class of juniors that can be produced. All Globe
Juniors with safely tanks are made on box frames, as shown in cut. Globe
Juniors with stationary tanks are made on either box frames or skeleton
frames, as listed above. In ordering be careful to state which frame is
desired.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 3. Globe Low Junior.
  Price $7.00.
  Code Word “Tin.”

  No. 03. Globe Low Junior
  with Stationary Tank, Price $6.50.
  Code Word “Oats.”
  No. 03 with Skeleton Frame, $6.00.
]

               ═══════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                          │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                          │      │      │BURNERS│
               ───────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
               32½″ × 15½″│ 14″  │ 32½″ │   3   │30 lbs.
               ───────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

These stoves are 14 inches high, and of the same construction throughout
as our other Globe stoves. The No. 3 is fitted with safety tank. Oven
can be used on top for baking. The No. 03 has stationary tank which
cannot be turned down for filling. All Globe Junior stoves are made with
brass stand pipes and brass burner heads. For general construction,
successful operation and durability they are unsurpassed. All Globe
Juniors with safety tanks are made only on box frames. With stationary
tanks they are made on either box or skeleton frames. In ordering be
careful to state which frame is desired.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 22. Globe High Junior.
  Price $7.50.
  Code Word “Brass.”

  No. 022. Globe High Junior.
  Price $7.00.
  Code Word “Rye.”
  No. 022 with Skeleton Frame, $6.50.
]

               ═══════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                          │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                          │      │      │BURNERS│
               ───────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
               22½″ × 15½″│ 27″  │ 22½″ │   2   │35 lbs.
               ───────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

These stoves are medium size, 27 inches high, fitted with two powerful
individual burners. Are very desirable stoves for small families. An
oven can be used on top for baking. The No. 22 has safety tank and box
frame as shown in cut. The No. 022 has stationary tank and can be
furnished with box frame or skeleton frame as listed above.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 23. Globe High Junior.
  Price $9.00.
  Code Word “Copper.”

  No. 023. Globe High Junior.
  With Stationary Tank, Price $8.50.
  Code Word “Barley.”
  Same Stove Skeleton Frame, $8.00.
]

               ═══════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                          │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                          │      │      │BURNERS│
               ───────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
               32½″ × 15½″│ 27″  │ 32½″ │   3   │40 lbs.
               ───────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

These stoves have three powerful individual burners each. Oven can be
used on top for baking. The No. 23 has safety tank which cannot be
filled while stove is in operation. The No. 023 has the same general
construction, but is not supplied with safety tank. All Globe Junior
stoves are made with brass stand pipes and brass burner heads. For
general construction, successful operation and durability the Globe
stands in the front rank of generating stoves. The No. 23 is furnished
only on box frame as shown in cut. The No. 023 can be furnished either
on box frame or skeleton frame, as listed above.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 24. Globe Generator Gasoline Stove.
  Price with Drop Door Iron Oven, $14.00.
  Without Oven, $11.00.
  Code Word “Silver.”
]

         ═══════════╤══════╤══════╤══════════╤═══════╤════════
             TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│   STEP   │NUMBER │SHIPPING
                    │      │      │          │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                    │      │      │          │BURNERS│
         ───────────┼──────┼──────┼──────────┼───────┼────────
         22½″ × 15½″│ 27″  │ 41″  │17″ × 13½″│   3   │55 lbs.
                    │      │      │          │       │  Oven
                    │      │      │          │       │adds 10
                    │      │      │          │       │  lbs.
         ───────────┴──────┴──────┴──────────┴───────┴────────

The “Globe” Junior Stoves are of the drilled cone “Generating” type.
They are well made throughout, and provided with safety tank, which
cannot be filled while stove is in operation. The No. 24 has two top
burners and step. Step has a powerful single burner. The Nos. 24 and 25
are furnished only with drop down safety tanks and box frames as shown
in cuts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 25. Globe Generator Gasoline Stove.
  With Drop Door Iron Oven, Price, $16.00.
  Without Oven, Price, $13.00.
  Code Word “Gold.”
]

         ═══════════╤══════╤══════╤══════════╤═══════╤════════
             TOP    │HEIGHT│LENGTH│   STEP   │NUMBER │SHIPPING
                    │      │      │          │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                    │      │      │          │BURNERS│
         ───────────┼──────┼──────┼──────────┼───────┼────────
         32½″ × 15½″│ 27″  │ 50½″ │17″ × 13½″│   4   │55 lbs.
                    │      │      │          │       │  Oven
                    │      │      │          │       │adds 10
                    │      │      │          │       │  lbs.
         ───────────┴──────┴──────┴──────────┴───────┴────────

To those who desire an old style individual generator gasoline stove we
recommend the No. 25 as a desirable stove. It has three burners on top
and one large burner on the step for the oven. The oven is well made of
polished steel, with drop door and is an excellent baker. The burners
are made of brass and have brass stand pipes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


          Repairs for “Standard” Giant Burner Gasoline Stoves.

           [Illustration: Images of parts in following list]


     Repair Price List for “Standard” Giant Burner Gasoline Stoves.

   All Repairs are Invariably Cash With Order, no Allowance Made for
                          Freight or Express.

In ordering repairs always give repair number of part wanted, also give
number and date of stove. When number of stove cannot be given it will
be necessary to state how many burners and give height of stove.

              ═══╤═════════════════════════╤═════╤═══════
              No.│         REPAIRS         │PRICE│
                 │                         │     │Postage
              ───┼─────────────────────────┼─────┼───────
                1│Burner, complete with cap│$2.50│      —
                2│Sawed Burner Cap         │  .35│    17c
                3│Tank, complete           │ 1.50│      —
                4│Inside Reservoir, only   │  .75│      —
                5│Outside shell, only      │  .75│      —
                6│Tee Valve and Starting   │  .80│     9c
                 │  Cup                    │     │
                7│Main Needle              │  .20│     5c
                8│Cleaning Needle          │  .15│     2c
                9│Plug Needle for Tee Valve│  .15│     2c
               10│Burner Head              │ 1.00│    17c
               11│Induction Tube (give     │  .20│     2c
                 │  length)                │     │
               12│Tank Spring Valve        │  .30│     4c
               13│Step Grate               │  .50│      —
               14│Name Plate (give size of │  .20│     7c
                 │  stove)                 │     │
               15│Perforated Spreader with │  .10│     2c
                 │  washer and screw       │     │
               16│Perforated Cylinder      │  .20│     2c
               17│Top Burner Hanger        │  .10│     2c
               18│Step Burner Hanger       │  .10│     2c
               19│Angle piece, with Needle │  .45│     4c
               20│Brass Stand Pipe, with   │  .20│     2c
                 │  Packing                │     │
               21│Tank Pipe Support        │  .10│     2c
               22│Front Bracket for Main   │  .30│    14c
                 │  Frame                  │     │
               23│Step Bracket             │  .20│     9c
               24│Foot for Low Junior (say │  .15│     7c
                 │  which corner)          │     │
               25│Center Foot, with Caster │  .20│     8c
               26│Corner Foot, with Caster │  .25│    11c
                 │  (say which corner)     │     │
               27│Number and Date Plate    │  .15│     4c
              ───┴─────────────────────────┴─────┴───────

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                       Repairs for Globe Juniors.

           [Illustration: Images of parts in following list]


                  Repair Price List for Globe Juniors.

              All Repairs are Invariably Cash with Order.
                     No Freight or Express allowed.

In ordering repairs for Globe Juniors always give repair number, also
give number and date of stove. Where number of stove cannot be given it
will be necessary to state how many burners and give height of stove.
For numbers of Globe Juniors refer to cuts of stove in this catalogue.

              ═══╤═════════════════════════╤═════╤═══════
              No.│         REPAIRS         │PRICE│
                 │                         │     │Postage
              ───┼─────────────────────────┼─────┼───────
                1│Burners (Top)            │$1.75│
                2│Burners (Step)           │ 2.00│
                3│Burner Cap (Top or Step) │  .20│     5c
                 │Say whether for Top or   │     │
                 │  Step.                  │     │
                4│Tank (Drop)              │ 1.15│
                5│Tank (Stationary)        │ 1.00│
                6│Tank Support Rod for Low │  .15│     3c
                 │  Juniors                │     │
                7│Tank Catch complete      │  .20│     4c
                8│Swivel Joint, (not shown)│  .50│
                9│Needle, give length      │  .20│     6c
              10A│Angle Piece and Needle,  │  .60│
                 │  Top Burner             │     │
              10B│Angle Piece and Needle,  │  .75│     7c
                 │  Step Burner            │     │
               11│Burner Head (Step)       │  .70│
               12│Burner Head (Top)        │  .60│
               13│Drip Cup                 │  .10│     2c
               14│Tee Valves               │  .30│
               15│Cleaning Needle          │  .15│
               16│¼-inch Globe Valve       │  .40│
               17│Burner Stand Pipe        │  .25│     4c
               18│Name Plate, give size of │  .25│     4c
                 │  stove                  │     │
               19│Step Grate               │  .60│
               20│Stationary Tank Pipe     │  .15│     4c
                 │  Support                │     │
               21│Tank Support Rod for High│  .20│    12c
                 │  Junior (give length)   │     │
              ───┴─────────────────────────┴─────┴───────

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                The “New Process” Camp and Yacht Stove.


Nothing can bring greater comfort or pleasure to a sportsman than good,
wholesome food, well cooked and properly served!

What’s so jolly as a meal on the yacht or in camp, after a day of sport
and recreation?

This stove provides a means for out-of-door cooking. The burners are
enclosed to prevent the flame from being blown out by the wind. The
pressure of gas in the burners is secured by a pneumatic bulb, a few
pressures of which furnishes sufficient head for several hours’ use. The
tank is perfectly tight and prevents any possibility of spilling. In
filling the tank the pressure is released as soon as cap is removed, so
that the flame is extinguished, avoiding all danger in filling. Five
gallons of ordinary stove gasoline will furnish fuel to cook with for a
party of six for ten days. The stove is furnished with side wall
brackets for the yacht and also with legs for camping. When used on
brackets can be folded back on wall and is sustained in that position
with a hook, occupying very little space. As a yacht stove, the four
corner legs are not necessary, the back of stove being held by the
brackets; the front is sustained on a center leg by means of which stove
can be readily adjusted to any level required by position of boat. In
shipping, the legs and tank are packed in the stove.

[Illustration: Cut of No. A, folded back against wall.]

                A Safe, Clean, Convenient Folding Stove
                             FOR THE YACHT.

                  A Compact, Efficient Portable Stove
                             FOR THE CAMP.

These stoves can be furnished in polished brass with nickel trimmings at
an additional cost when desired. Both legs and brackets are furnished
with each stove.

An oven can be used on top of either stove for baking. For prices and
description of ovens, see page 63.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  Cut of No. B (3 bur.) on Legs.

  No. A Camp and Yacht Stove.
  Price $14.00.
  Code Word “Trout.”

  No. B Camp and Yacht Stove.
  Price $17.00.
  Code Word “Bass.”
]

           ══════════════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                  TOP        │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NO. OF │SHIPPING
                             │  ON  │      │BURNERS│ WEIGHT
                             │ LEGS │      │       │
           ──────────────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
           No. A, 22½″ × 15½″│ 27″  │ 22½″ │   2   │25 lbs.
           No. B, 32½″ × 15½″│ 27″  │ 32½″ │   3   │30 lbs.
           ──────────────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut shows the No. B Stove with three burners. The No. A has
the same general construction but has one less burner. The center
adjustable leg is used only on yachts for changing level of stove as
position of boat changes.

Read description on preceding page.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                  The “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame.
                       For Coal Oil and Gasoline.


It is with a feeling of great assurance and satisfaction that we offer
our “Wickless” Blue Flame Oil Stove to the trade, for this, its fourth
season.

[Illustration: No. 1.]

While there have been a number of other “Wickless” Stoves put on the
market, the universal satisfaction with which our “Standard” has been
sold by the trade, and used by consumers, is the most positive evidence
that it is properly constructed to meet the popular demand for a good,
practical, Oil Stove. The simplicity of our “Standard” Wickless, is a
feature that recommends it for use in the kitchen, where mechanical
ingenuity is usually lacking.

It cannot be styled an Evaporator or Generator, as it burns the oil as
simply and completely as a handfull of wood shavings would be burned, if
ignited in the fire pot of an ordinary cook stove. To successfully
accomplish this result, there are two important and vital features of
the stove, and in which ours differs from other styles of “Wickless,”
namely: =the burner cup= that receives and distributes the oil to the
flame, and =the combustion chamber= or =chimney= where the gases are
mixed with air in proper proportion, to produce a blue flame. (See cut
No. 1.)

[Illustration: No. 2.]

The burner cup of the “Standard” Wickless, as shown in cut No. 2, is
made with an enlarged entrance, the channel of the cup being divided so
that the oil enters on both sides of the cup, where it is conducted into
two channels, upper and lower, entirely around the cup. In this manner
the oil is distributed evenly to all parts of the burner, giving a more
even and perfect flame than can be secured where there is only a single
small entrance to the cup. Further, our cup is less sensitive to being
out of level, on account of the manner in which the oil is distributed.

The enlarged opening at the entrance of the cup, provides for the
expansion of gas, which always takes place where the oil enters a heated
cup, thereby overcoming the tendency toward a pulsating flame which is a
common and objectionable feature of all other “Wickless” burner cups,
constructed without an enlarged opening at the entrance. By referring to
Cut No. 3, it will be seen that the channel cup is constructed with a
ledge, which projects from the outer rim toward the center of the cup,
on this ledge the outside perforate of the chimney rests. This ledge
prevents, to a great degree, the oil from passing by capillary
attraction, over the surfaces of the burner, to that part which is
outside of the chimney. For that reason the “Standard” Wickless can be
operated with less smoke and odor than any other “Wickless” Blue Flame
Oil Stove.

[Illustration: No. 3.]

The burner cup is made of sheet metal, (brass) which is quickly heated,
so that in starting the stove, it can be put in operating in much less
time than is possible, where a heavy cast cup is used.

That the burner cup is durable, is proven by the fact that in three
years experience with the sheet brass cup, we have never known of one
burning out.

The chimney, or combustion chamber of the “Standard” Wickless is a very
important feature, and one that is distinctly _our own_. To secure the
greatest efficiency from the burner, it is necessary that the flame be
applied as near to the _center_ of the cooking vessel as possible.

It will be seen from the cut of our chimney, that it is constructed with
a small tube in the center, which extends from below the burner to the
top; through this center tube, a current of fresh, warm air is
constantly furnished to the flames, which produces at the center of the
burner, a most powerful fire, applying it at a point where the greatest
possible utilization of the heat is secured.

Through the large openings at the top of the inside perforate, a large
proportion of the flame is drawn toward the center of the burner, so
that the heat is applied evenly over the bottom of the cooking vessel,
thereby securing the greatest amount of benefit from the fuel consumed.

[Illustration:

  RIGHT CONSTRUCTION.
  No. 4.
]

[Illustration:

  WRONG CONSTRUCTION.
  No. 5.
]

A comparative glance at the two cuts, will show how the heat from our
burner spreads evenly over the bottom of the article heated. If the top
of the perforate were closed, much of the heat would be lost by being
applied too far from the center of the article to be heated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                         Reasons Why Preferred.

=It has no wick=

    and is easily kept clean.

=It has no joints to leak=

    or packing nuts. No pressure of oil below the tank. It cannot leak.

=It does not generate or evaporate.=

    The oil simply drops into an open brass pipe through which it is
    conducted to an open burner ring where it burns, producing a
    powerful blue flame. Could anything be simpler?

=It has a removable tank=

    which can be carried to an outer room for filling.

=It is absolutely safe.=

=It lights quickly.=

    Simply turn on the oil and apply the match.

=It cooks instantly.=

    There is no smoke—no delay. As soon as lighted a cooking vessel can
    be placed over the burner.

=It has no stops=

    or automatic regulators to govern the flow of oil. The flame is
    entirely under the control of the user.

=It makes no difference=

    what quality of oil is used, whether coal oil or gasoline, whether
    it is good or bad, heavy or light, thick or thin, hot or cold, the
    stove operates equally well, producing an intensely hot, smokeless
    blue flame. Can as much be said TRUTHFULLY of any other stove?

=It has a glass sight feed=

    which shows at a glance the flow of oil and enables the user to
    regulate the valve quickly and accurately.

=For economy of fuel=

    as compared with the coal and wood stove, it is beyond comparison.
    Will save what it cost in one season over coal or wood at the
    average price. It is a friend and helper to the thrifty housekeeper
    who tries to save what others waste.

=Especially.=

    It is a boon to the country home and suburban residence, where fuel
    gas cannot be obtained.

=Lastly.=

    It is safe, clean, quick, reliable and convenient, and no home can
    afford to forego the comfort that this wonderful stove brings.

=The dealer=

    who recognizes the merits of the “Standard” Wickless and places it
    on his sales floor will find it a ready and popular seller.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 351. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Junior.
  Price $6.00.
  Price not Subject to same Discount as Other Wickless Stoves.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Snug.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 25″  │   2   │30 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut shows the two-burner Junior of the new “Wickless” series.
It has the same style of burner cup and chimney as the larger stoves and
will operate equally as well. The burners are 3½″ in diameter. The
ornamentation is plain but handsome. It has removable tank and sight
feed. An oven can be used on top of stove for baking.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 352. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Junior.
  Price, $8.00.
  Price not subject to the same discount as other stoves.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Sharp.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 33″  │   3   │40 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The No. 352 “Wickless” Junior shown above has the same general
construction as the No. 351. It has three burners 3½″ in diameter. The
tank is removable and can be carried to an outer room for filling. Has
sight feed so that the flow of oil can be seen by the user. This style
of stove is made only in the two and three burner low Junior type.
Though not highly ornamented, these Juniors are made to operate
perfectly and can be recommended as first-class stoves.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 251. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame.
  Price $9.50.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Small.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 25″  │   2   │40 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

Has removable tank and glass sight feed. Burners are 3½ inches in
diameter. An oven can be used on top for baking. This stove is a
convenient helper in any kitchen, has sufficient capacity for light
housekeeping and, on account of its compactness, is almost indispensable
to a complete camp outfit. It is the simplest and most efficient
wickless oil stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 252. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame
  Price $12.00.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Smooth.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 33″  │   3   │50 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut represents the No. 252 “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame
Junior. It has three powerful 3½ inch burners of the same construction
as is used on the large stoves. An oven can be used on top for baking.
It is provided with removable tank and glass sight feed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 260. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Stove.
  Price $12.00.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Short.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 25″  │   2   │60 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The No. 260 has the same style of burners used on the larger stoves, 3½
inches in diameter. Is convenient in height, making a very desirable
stove for light housekeeping. Oven can be used on top of stove for
baking. Removable tank and glass sight feed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 261. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Stove.
  Price $14.50.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Simple.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 33″  │   3   │70 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

This stove has plain top with ornamental high shelf. Burners are 3½
inches in diameter. Has a removable tank and glass sight feed. An oven
can be used on top of stove for baking. It is a very convenient and
effective stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 265. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Stove.
  Price, with New Drop Door Iron Oven, $19.00.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Safe.”
]

               ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤════════
                  TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│SHIPPING
                        │      │         │      │ WEIGHT
                        │      │         │      │  WITH
                        │      │         │      │  OVEN
               ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼────────
               25″ × 17″│ 27″  │18″ × 14″│ 42″  │100 lbs.
               ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴────────

The No. 265 has two 3½ inch burners on top, and one 4½ inch burner on
the step for oven. This stove is ornamental and has sufficient capacity
for family use. For a medium-priced stove is a general favorite. Is
provided with a removable tank and glass sight feed so that the flow of
oil is in plain sight of the user and can be easily regulated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 266. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Stove.
  Price, with New Drop Door Iron Oven, $22.00.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Sure.”
]

               ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤════════
                  TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│SHIPPING
                        │      │         │      │ WEIGHT
                        │      │         │      │  WITH
                        │      │         │      │  OVEN
               ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼────────
               33″ × 17″│ 27″  │18″ × 14″│ 50½″ │115 lbs.
               ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴────────

The No. 266 has the same general construction as the larger sizes of
“Standard” Wickless Stoves. It has three burners on top, each 3½ inches
in diameter. The step burner is 4½ inches in diameter and furnishes
sufficient heat for baking. The stove has ornamental high shelf and
heavy nickel plated casters, making a very pretty stove of large
capacity at a medium price. Has a removable tank and glass sight feed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 275. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Stove.
  Price $21.00.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Security.”
]

      ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
         TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
               │      │         │      │                 │ WEIGHT
               │      │         │      │                 │  WITH
               │      │         │      │                 │  OVEN
      ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
      26″ × 21″│ 28½″ │18″ × 15″│ 48″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│140 lbs.
      ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

Here is a stove without competition, having many valuable special
features found in no other stove. It has large top surface, with two
powerful 3½ inch burners for cooking purposes, and two 3½ inch burners
on step, giving it a cooking and baking capacity sufficient for a good
sized family. Has removable tank and glass sight feed. What to do with a
portable oven when not in use is a problem which has puzzled many a
systematic housekeeper. We have solved it. Push the oven back, as shown
in above cut. Our reflex oven, which is large and convenient, has
thorough ventilation and produces perfect results not obtainable in the
ordinary coal or wood stove oven. The No. 275 is a safe, simple, clean,
economical oil stove. We especially recommend this size.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 276. “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame Stove.
  Price $24.00.
  For Coal Oil or Gasoline.
  Code Word “Simplicity.”
]

      ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
         TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
               │      │         │      │                 │ WEIGHT
               │      │         │      │                 │  WITH
               │      │         │      │                 │  OVEN
      ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
      33″ × 21″│ 28½″ │18″ × 15″│ 55″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│150 lbs.
      ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

A complete family cook stove having five burners, which can be used for
cooking, singly or all at the same time. The burners are 3½ inches in
diameter and give a powerful blue flame. When used at their full
capacity each burner is sufficient for heating two or more cooking
vessels. The two step burners are 3½ inches in diameter and can also be
used separately for cooking. Together, they give requisite heat for
baking in our New Process oven, with which this stove is provided. The
oven can be pushed back when not in use. The stove is provided with a
removable tank and glass sight feed. A glance at the cut will convince
anyone of the beauty and convenience of design.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

           [Illustration: Images of parts in following list]


 Repair List and Cuts of Repairs for the “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame
                              Oil Stoves.

Orders for repairs must be accompanied with remittance to cover cost of
repairs and postage. =In ordering=, be sure to state name, number and
date or the serial letter of stove, as well as repair number.

 No. 1—Burner Complete for “Standard” Wickless, price 3½ inch, $2.50; 4½
   inch, $3.50.
 No. 2—Chimney Complete, for any year, price 3½ inch, $1.00; 4½ inch,
   $1.40.

   It is necessary in ordering to give date of stove, say whether for
     “Wickless,” or “Standard” Wickless.

 No. 3—Inside Brass Perforate for Chimney, price 3½ inch, 50c, postage
   12c; 4½ inch, 65c, postage 16c.
 No. 4—Outside Steel Perforate for Chimney, price, 3½ inch, 20c, postage
   6c; 4½ inch, 25c, postage 8c.
 No. 5—Burner Rest Bowl for “Standard” Wickless, price, 3½ inch, 25c,
   postage 13c; 4½ inch, 35c, postage 16c.
 No. 6—Burner Cup for “Standard” Wickless, price, 3½ inch, 40c, postage
   8c; 4½ inch 60c, postage 12c.

   Must give date or serial letter of stove.

 No. 7—Starting Rings, price, 3½ inch, 60c per dozen, postage 12c; 4½
   inch, 75c per dozen, postage 15c.
 NOTE—The “Wickless” and “Standard” Wickless rings =are not= the same
 size. Always state for which they are wanted.

 No. 8—Needle, with knob, for “Standard” Wickless Blue Flame, price,
   80c, postage, 4c.
 No. 9—Valve Complete, with Indicators and Needle, “Standard” Wickless,
   60c, postage 7c.
 No. 10—Drum Post for “Standard” Wickless, price, 25c, postage 5c.
 No. 11—Nickel Shelf Column for shelf on Low Junior, 35c, postage 14c.

   (State whether for right or left.)

 No. 12—Nickel Shelf Column for High Stoves, 50c, postage 22c.

   (State whether right or left and give date and number of stove.)

 No. 13—Nickel Bracket Tank Support for “Standard” Wickless, 25c,
   postage 14c.

   (State whether right or left.)

 No. 14—Nickel Front Tank Support, 25c, postage 15c.

   (Give number of stove.)

 No. 15—Step Grate Brace for High Junior, 25c, postage 9c; for High
   Stove, 35c; postage 20c.

   (State whether front or back brace is wanted.)

 No. 16—Step Grate, less Center Grate, for 275 and 276, 90c.
 No. 17—Oblong Center Grate, 45c.
 No. 18—Step Grate, less Center Grate, for 265 and 266, 75c.
 No. 19—Top Grate, 80c. Also used in center of step grate.

   (If for Step, give year and number of stove.)

 No. 20—Tank Handle with Brackets, 30c, postage 7c.
 No. 21—Bracket for Tank Handle, 10c, postage 2c,

   (Say whether right or left, back or front.)

 No. 22—Tank Handle only (not shown), 10c, postage 2c.
 No. 23—Starting Spoon, 10c, postage 2c.
 No. 24—Brass Supply Pipe, connecting funnel with burner cup, price, Top
   Burners, 80c each; Oven Burners, 75c each.

   (State number of stove and for which burner wanted.)

 No. 25—Bracket to hold Supply Pipe, 10c, postage 3c.

   (State whether for Top or Step Burner.)

 No. 26—Lever, with knob for raising chimney, 10c, postage 4c.
 No. 27—Sheet Metal Bracket, Track for Oven, each, 20c.
 No. 28—Center Foot, with caster, price, for High Junior, 20c, postage
   8c; for High Stove, 25c, postage 10c.
 No. 29—Corner Foot, with caster, for High Junior, 30c, postage 11c; for
   High Stove, 35c, postage 16c.

   (Give number of stove and say where located.)

 No. 30—Splasher, with starting spoons and funnels for high shelf, 80c.
 No. 31—Tin Funnels, with starting spoons, 40c.
 No. 32—Tank, with valves complete, for Nos. 251, 351 and 260, $2.75;
   for Nos. 252, 352, 261 and 265, $3.00; for Nos. 266, 275, $3.25; for
   No. 276, $3.50.
 No. 33—Nickel Front Bracket for Main Frame (not shown), 30c, postage
   15c.

   (Give number of stove and say whether right or left.)

      “Right” or “left” is designated as you face front of stove.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                    The “Standard” Wick Blue Flame.
                             For Coal Oil.


To those who prefer the Wick Blue Flame Stove we offer the “Standard”
which has already proven a complete success, doing its work perfectly
and quickly, and with the utmost economy and safety. Mounted on a new
encased sheet steel frame and is handsome in design and finish.

[Sidenote: What It Does.]

The “Standard” uses common coal oil (kerosene), and owing to the
scientific principle embodied in the burner, secures perfect combustion,
producing a powerful blue flame, absolutely smokeless, and with proper
care is practically odorless. It cooks and bakes perfectly. A cooking
utensil or flat iron can be placed in direct contact with the flame,
thus securing full benefit of the heat generated; at the same time not a
particle of soot will be deposited upon the utensil. Thus the defects of
the old style, yellow flame oil stoves are overcome; there is no soot,
no smoke, no offensive odor; perfect combustion is secured and the work
is done _better_, _more quickly_ and at _less expense_.

[Sidenote: Its Safety and Convenience.]

The “New Process” Blue Flame Oil Stove is safer and easier to operate
than an ordinary coal oil lamp. There are no chimneys to break. The oil
tank being located below the top of the wick tube, there is no danger of
the oil running over and flooding the stove. The reservoir is away from
the fire and consequently is always cold. It is impossible to get the
wick too high. The wick is simply turned up to a stop and the light
applied, insuring a perfect and steady blue flame from start to finish.
An automatic locking device on the dial PREVENTS wick being turned too
high and producing smoke, or its being accidentally turned beyond
control of the wick raiser.

[Sidenote: Its Care.]

The “New Process” Blue Flame Oil Stove is easy to understand and to take
care of. Complete instructions accompany each stove, and we urge that
both dealers and users familiarize themselves with these instructions
before starting the stove in operation. As a rule, THE MISTAKE IS MADE
of trimming the wicks too much, thus destroying them needlessly. No
portion of the wick should be removed except the free carbon that
collects on its upper edge. THE CHARRED PORTION OF THE WICK PROPER
SHOULD NOT BE DISTURBED OR REMOVED. It serves its purpose as well in our
burner as the white, fresh portion of the wick. Never trim wick except
when absolutely necessary. Do not allow oil reservoir to become empty;
always keep reservoir well filled. Follow carefully directions
accompanying each stove, and perfect operation will be assured.

[Sidenote: Testing.]

All stoves are carefully tested for leakages and imperfections before
shipping. The “Standard” Wick Blue Flame is clean, convenient, safe,
effective, economical and has shown itself to be one of the best and
most perfect oil stoves on the market.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 101. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Junior.
  Price $9.50.
  Code Word, “Diamond.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 25″  │   2   │40 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The general construction of this stove is the same as the larger stoves.
An oven can be used on top of stove for baking. This stove is equipped
with two burners 3½ inches in diameter same as used on the larger stoves
and is thoroughly convenient and effective. Always keep burners
thoroughly cleaned, but never trim wicks unless absolutely necessary.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 102. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Junior.
  Price $12.00.
  Code Word “Ruby.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 15″  │ 33″  │   3   │50 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut represents our No. 102 Blue Flame Oil Junior, fitted with
three powerful 3½ inch burners, same as used on our larger stoves. An
oven can be used on top of stove for baking. Materials and workmanship
are of the highest order. Never allow reservoir to become empty. Always
keep chimney raised when not in use.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 120. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price $12.00.
  Code Word “Carbuncle.”
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                25″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 25″  │   2   │65 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

The above cut represents the No. 120 Two Burner Blue Flame Oil Stove.
Has two 3½ inch burners. Is mounted on casters and has ornamental high
shelf. The materials and workmanship are of the same high order that
characterize the larger stoves. Oven can be used on top of stove for
baking. Always keep burner thoroughly cleaned, but never trim wicks
unless absolutely necessary.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 121 “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price $14.50.
  Code Word “Sapphire.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

                ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═══════╤════════
                   TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│NUMBER │SHIPPING
                         │      │      │  OF   │ WEIGHT
                         │      │      │BURNERS│
                ─────────┼──────┼──────┼───────┼────────
                33″ × 17″│ 27″  │ 33″  │   3   │75 lbs.
                ─────────┴──────┴──────┴───────┴────────

This stove is the same as the No. 126, without the step. Has three 3½
inch burners. An oven can be used on top of stove for baking. The stove
is constructed on the same general principle throughout as the larger
sizes. Is mounted on casters and provided with ornamental high shelf.
NEVER allow reservoir to become empty. ALWAYS keep chimney raised when
burner is not in use.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 125. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price, with Iron Oven, $19.00.
  Code Word “Emerald.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

               ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤════════
                  TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│SHIPPING
                        │      │         │      │ WEIGHT
                        │      │         │      │  WITH
                        │      │         │      │  OVEN
               ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼────────
               25″ × 17″│ 27″  │18″ × 14″│ 42″  │110 lbs.
               ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴────────

This stove is constructed the same throughout as the larger sizes, and
is a popular size and style. It is furnished with iron oven, unless
otherwise ordered. Diameter of wick in step burner, 4½ inches; in top
burners, 3½ inches. Is a very convenient and effective stove. ALWAYS
keep burner thoroughly cleaned, but NEVER trim wicks unless absolutely
necessary.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 126. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price, with Iron Oven, $22.00.
  Code Word “Opal.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

               ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤════════
                  TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│SHIPPING
                        │      │         │      │ WEIGHT
                        │      │         │      │  WITH
                        │      │         │      │  OVEN
               ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼────────
               33″ × 17″│ 27″  │18″ × 14″│ 50½″ │120 lbs.
               ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴────────

The accompanying cut represents the No. 126 step stove, with oven
complete. Furnished with iron oven unless otherwise ordered. This stove
is constructed on the same general principle as the larger sizes.
Diameter of wick in step burner, 4½ inches; in top burners, 3½ inches.
All the burners can be used at the same time. The stove is mounted on
casters and is provided with ornamental high shelf. NEVER allow
reservoir to become empty. ALWAYS keep chimney raised when stove is not
in use.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 105. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price, $21.00.
  Code Word “Cameo.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

      ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
         TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
               │      │         │      │                 │ WEIGHT
               │      │         │      │                 │  WITH
               │      │         │      │                 │  OVEN
      ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
      26″ × 21″│ 28½″ │18″ × 15″│ 48″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│150 lbs.
      ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

This stove has full size cabinet frame with warming closet below
burners. Has four 3½ in. burners. Stove is mounted upon casters and
provided with automatic indicator showing amount of oil in reservoir.
When oven is not in use, it can be pushed back upon rest, directly back
of step, leaving step burner free for other use. The No. 105 stove is
well suited to the use of medium-sized families. ALWAYS keep burner
thoroughly cleaned, but NEVER trim wicks unless absolutely necessary.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 106. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price $24.00.
  Code Word “Pearl.”
  No Charge for Crating.
]

      ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
         TOP   │HEIGHT│  STEP   │LENGTH│      OVEN       │SHIPPING
               │      │         │      │                 │ WEIGHT
               │      │         │      │                 │  WITH
               │      │         │      │                 │  OVEN
      ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
      33″ × 21″│ 28½″ │18″ × 15″│ 55″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│160 lbs.
      ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

The cut shows the oven in place over burners ready for use. All of the
burners can be used at the same time. Size of wick in top and step
burners, 3½ inches in diameter. The stove is mounted upon casters,
enabling user to move it at will. Stove is provided with top shelf. An
automatic indicator shows the amount of oil in the reservoir at all
times. NEVER allow oil reservoir to become empty; ALWAYS keep chimney
raised when burner is not in use.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 99. Handy Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price $5.00.
  Code Word “Handy.”
  No Charge for Boxing.
]

The No. 99 stove is suitable for use in Laboratories, Offices, Summer
Resorts, Picnic Grounds, Sick Rooms or any place where a small portable
stove is required. It works on the same principle as the larger stoves
and is thoroughly convenient and effective. The stove is provided with a
bail for convenience in moving it from one place to another. Always keep
chimney raised when burner is not in use.

                  ═════════╤══════╤═════════╤════════
                     TOP   │HEIGHT│  BASE   │SHIPPING
                           │      │         │ WEIGHT
                  ─────────┼──────┼─────────┼────────
                  10″ Diam.│ 15½″ │10″ × 10″│19 lbs.
                  ─────────┴──────┴─────────┴────────

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 127. “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price $8.00.
  Code Word “Ohio.”
  Without Oven Deduct $2.00.
  No Charge for Crating.
]

           ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
              TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│   OVEN-INSIDE   │SHIPPING
                    │      │      │                 │ WEIGHT
                    │      │      │                 │  WITH
                    │      │      │                 │  OVEN
           ─────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
           14″ × 17″│ 18″  │ 17″  │17″ × 11¾″ × 13⅛″│46 lbs.
           ─────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

The No. 127 has one powerful 4½″ burner, constructed on the same general
principle as the other sizes. It is a low priced stove for small
families.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 128 “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stove.
  Price $12.50.
  Code Word “Iowa.”
  Without Oven Deduct $4.00.
  No Charge for Crating.
]

           ═════════╤══════╤══════╤═════════════════╤════════
              TOP   │HEIGHT│LENGTH│   OVEN-INSIDE   │SHIPPING
                    │      │      │                 │ WEIGHT
                    │      │      │                 │  WITH
                    │      │      │                 │  OVEN
           ─────────┼──────┼──────┼─────────────────┼────────
           15″ × 18″│ 20″  │ 18″  │19½″ × 13¼″ × 12″│72 lbs.
           ─────────┴──────┴──────┴─────────────────┴────────

The No. 128 might properly be styled the “poor man’s friend.” It is very
compact, yet has sufficient capacity to cook for a small family. It is
provided with our “New Process” No. 1 A oven, which will bake equal to
any coal or wood range. Especially adapted to the requirements of a
small family.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                REPAIRS FOR WICK BLUE FLAME OIL STOVES.

              [Illustration: Image of parts listed below]


                     LIST PRICES OF REPAIRS FOR THE
        “New Process” and “Standard” Wick Blue Flame Oil Stoves.

   In Ordering be Careful to Give Name, Number and Date or the Serial
         Letter of Stove as well as the Repair Number. Without
              This Information the Order Cannot be Filled.

 No. 1—Burner complete (give date of stove and diameter of wick tube);
   prices, 3 inch burner, $2.50; 4½ inch, $3.50; 6 inch, $4.75.
 No. 2—Wick Tube complete with Wick Sleeve; prices, 3 inch, $1.50; 4½
   inch, $1.75; 6 inch, $2.00. Must know date of stove and size of tube.
 No. 3—Wick Sleeve with Band; prices, 3 inch, 35c, postage 5c; 4½ inch,
   40c, postage 7c; 6 inch, 50c.
 No. 4—Wick Band; prices, 3 inch, 15c, postage 2c; 4½ inch, 20c, postage
   2c; 6 inch, 25c.
 No. 5—Chimney complete for any wick stove; prices, 3 inch burner,
   $1.00; 4½ inch, $1.40; 6 inch, $1.75. In ordering Chimney always give
   name, number and date of stove and size of burner.
 No. 6—Dial Post for 1897 style, 25c, postage 2c.
 No. 7—Dial Post for 1898 style and later, 25c, postage 8c.
 No. 8—Dial Post and Thumb Screw, 1896 style, 25c, postage 5c.
 No. 9—Dial with Thumb Stop, 1897 and later, 25c, postage 4c.
 No. 10—Lower Casing of Burner; prices, 3 inch burner, 45c; 4½ inch
   burner, 50c; 6 inch burner, 65c.
 No. 11—Top Grate for high and low stoves, 30c.
 No. 12—Round Center of Step Grate, 35c.
 No. 13—Dial with Pointer for 1896 stove, 15c, postage 1c.
 No. 14—Step Grate, less Center, for No. 105 and No. 106, 1896, also 125
   and 126, 1898, 90c. (Give date).
 No. 15—Step Grate, less Center Grate, for No. 105 and No. 106, give
   date, 90c.
 No. 16—Oblong Center Grate for Step No. 105 and No. 106, 40c.
 No. 17—Step Grate, less Center Grate, for No. 125 and No. 126, 1897
   style, 75c.
 No. 18—Columns for Top Shelf (say whether right or left), 40c. Give
   number on casting.
 No. 19—Brace for Step Grate (say whether front or back), 30c, postage
   11c.
 No. 20—Wick Trimmer for 3 inch burner, 15c, postage 4c; 4½ inch burner,
   20c, postage 6c; 6 inch burner, 25c.
 No. 21—Gear Housing with Gear Wheel and Stem, 40c, postage 6c.
 No. 22—Burner Brace and Lever, 25c, postage 11c.
 No. 23—Nickel Base for Lower Casing 1898 stove (give diameter of
   casing), 25c.
 No. 24—Flame Extinguisher (give size), 15c, postage 5c.
 No. 25—Cam Hook, 10c, postage 3c.
 No. 26—Inside Brass Perforate, 3 inch, 50c, postage 11c; 4½ inch, 65c,
   postage 15c; 6 inch, 90c.
 No. 27—Outside Steel Perforate, 3 inch, 20c, postage 7c; 4½ inch, 25c,
   postage 8c; 6 inch, 30c.
 No. 28—Nickel Front Bracket for main frame, price 30c, postage 10c. Say
   whether right or left.

          ☞ As you face the stove the parts are right or left.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                          “NEW PROCESS” OVENS.


[Illustration: No. 1 A, Patent Reflex Iron Oven.]

No. 1 A, “New Process” Top Oven.

The accompanying cuts represent our patent top oven, No. 1 A. The
construction of the flues is such that the distribution of heat is
equalized in all parts of the oven, consequently this oven will bake
equally well upon the top or bottom shelf. The outer wall is made of
iron, heavily embossed, which gives it strength. The inner wall is
corrugated tin. The “New Process” is without doubt the best baking oven
on the market.

It is made to cover two burners, the inside dimensions of the oven being
19½ × 13¼ × 12 inches.

[Illustration: No. 1 A, Patent Reflex Iron Oven, With Door Lowered.]

The door of this oven is hinged at the bottom, so that when opened it
forms a very convenient shelf, supported by chains as shown in the cut.
The oven is knocked down and packed in very compact form for convenience
in shipping.

No. 1 B, “New Process”

Has the same general construction, except that the outside is made of
tin.

                    No. 1 A, Iron Oven, price $4.00.
                          Code Word “Granite.”

                    No. 1 B, Tin Oven, price $4.00.
                          Code Word “Marble.”

                             Weight 28 lbs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


                       “Standard” Perfect Bakers.

=A Good Oven=

  Is one in which the heat flues are constructed in such a manner that
  the heat is distributed evenly through the baking compartment.

=The “Standard” Perfect Bakers=

  Will bake quickly and evenly on the top and bottom alike.

  A poor oven often causes a good stove to be condemned, and is dear at
  any price. Standard Ovens are properly constructed of good materials,
  and are sold at the right price. We have the best facilities for the
  manufacture of ovens, and solicit your orders.

                 Special Prices Quoted on Large Orders.

[Illustration:

  Size 13″ × 21″ × 18″, Outside Measurement.

  No. 14 Tin Oven. Price, $3.50.
  Code Word “Oak.”

  No. 15 Steel Oven. Price, $4.00.
  Code Word “Hickory.”
]

Made of planished steel or tin, with Japanned top and bottom, drop
handles and swing doors. Will cover two burners. =Nos. 14 and 15
furnished with either end or side door.=

                            Weight, 20 lbs.

[Illustration:

  Size 13″ × 18″ × 18″, Outside Measurement.

  No. 12 Tin Oven. Price, $3.00.
  Code Word “Beech.”

  No. 13 Steel Oven. Price, $3.50.
  Code Word “Maple.”
]

Made of planished steel or tin, with Japanned top and bottom, drop
handles and swing door. A good sized oven for one large burner. Weight,
20 lbs.

[Illustration:

  Size 13″ × 13″ × 18″, Outside Measurement.

  No. 10 Tin Oven. Price, $2.00.
  Code Word “Pine.”

  No. 11 Steel Oven. Price, $2.50.
  Code Word “Cedar.”
]

Made of planished steel or tin, with Japanned top and bottom, swing door
and drop handles. A suitable size for one burner. Weight, 15 lbs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  “New Process” Oil Heater.
  Price, $6.00.
  Code Word “Corker.”
]

The above cuts represent the “New Process” Oil Heater, which is suitable
for use in bed rooms, bath rooms, dining rooms, offices, summer resorts,
or wherever moderate heat is required without a flue in connection.

[Sidenote: Design and Construction.]

The design is attractive. Materials and workmanship are first-class
throughout. The fount is made of brass, heavily nickel plated, and will
hold enough oil for eight hours’ burning. It can easily be removed for
cleaning. The burner is brass and can be rewicked with remarkable ease.
The drum is Russia iron. The wick raiser is strong and positive in
action. The fount is provided with an indicator, showing at all times
the amount of oil in reservoir. The heater is provided with a bail for
convenience in handling. Has improved smokeless device.

[Sidenote: Operation.]

The “New Process” Oil Heater produces a white flame, smokeless and
odorless, of great intensity and heating power. It is light and
portable, and can be put just where it is needed most. It will
comfortably heat in cold weather a room of ordinary size.

Height, 28¾″. Diameter, 9¼″. Weight of Heater, 13¾ lbs. Boxed, 23 lbs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  “Standard” Oil Heater.
  Price $5.00.
  Code Word “Hot.”
]

In constructing this heater, especial attention has been given to its
efficiency in operation. It produces a pure white flame of great
intensity and heating power.

The “Standard” is well proportioned and handsome in appearance.

The upper drum is made of planished steel, and nicely ornamented. The
base is made of stamped sheet steel and aluminum finished. Though
massive in appearance, is light in weight and very rigid. The lower part
of fount is stamped in one piece, thereby avoiding all leaks. The wick
holder and raising device are new, simple and desirable features.

We recommend the “Standard” as being a first-class heater in every
respect.

The “Standard” is 28 inches in height; diameter of upper drum, 9¼
inches; size of base, 14 inches; shipping weight, 20 lbs.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 25.
  The Mammoth Globe Incandescent Lamp.
  320 Candle Power.
  No. 25, Complete. Price in Brass, $3.25; Nickel, $3.60.
  Packages Extra.
]

The accompanying cut shows the No. 25 Mammoth Globe Incandescent lamp
with 20-inch tin reflector and chimney complete. We furnish it in either
brass or nickel-plated finish. The reservoir holds enough oil for eight
hours’ burning, and is provided with an indicator showing at all times
the amount of oil in reservoir. The reservoir never becomes heated. The
lamp is fitted with a duplex spreader plate and makes a handsome white
flame. It will brilliantly illuminate a room 35 feet square, at a cost
of less than one cent per hour.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  No. 250. No. 5000.
  The Mammoth Globe Incandescent Lamp
  320 Candle Power.
  No. 250, Price Complete in Brass, $3.60; Nickel, $3.90.
  No. 5000, Complete in Brass, $5.00; Nickel, $5.75.
  Packages Extra.
]

The above cuts represent two additional styles of the Globe Incandescent
Lamp. The No. 250 Lamp is provided with 14-inch porcelain dome shade,
crown ring and chimney complete. The No. 5000 Lamp has fancy harp,
14-inch porcelain dome shade, crown ring, spring extension and chimney.
In other respects these lamps are the same as the one described on the
preceding page. The Globe Lamps are especially suited for lighting
stores, offices, halls, churches, factories, railroad stations,
restaurants and large areas where powerful, steady, economical
illumination is desired.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  “New Process” Toaster.
  Price 40 cents.
]

  Can be used on any kind of a stove, for either toasting or broiling.

[Illustration:

  “New Process” Ventilated Broiler.
  Price 80 cents.
]

Retains all the juices in the meat, equal to wood or charcoal fire when
used on the “New Process” Stoves.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  Vapor Street Light.
  Price $8.00.
  Code Word “Street.”
  Crated Weight 30 lbs.
]

Our Vapor Street Light, as shown above, is the only one made with a
removable fixture. The reservoir holds one quart of gasoline. The fluid
flows through the down pipe, passes through the atomizer tube, where it
is vaporized, and burns at the “Tip” like coal gas. The number of hours
each light is required to burn can be regulated by the amount of the
fluid put into the reservoir. Our system of vapor street lighting is
largely used. We sell our lanterns, fixtures and burners complete for
public or private use.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Illustration:

  Incandescent Wall Torch.
  Price Complete for Gasoline Torches, per Dozen, $18.00;
  for Coal Oil Torches, per Dozen, $21.00.
  Burners only for Gasoline, $13.00;
  for Coal Oil, $15.00.
  Code Word, Gasoline Complete, “Faker.”
  Code Word, Coal Oil Complete, “Helper.”
]

                     LIGHT YOUR DARK SHOPS CHEAPLY.
      GIVE YOUR MEN PLENTY OF LIGHT AND THEY WILL DO DOUBLE WORK.

                  Shipping Weight, 50 lbs. per Dozen.

The Standard Incandescent Wall Torches are made to burn coal oil or
gasoline (requiring separate burner for each.) These torches will stand
a wind that would quickly extinguish any other light except one produced
by electricity. Reservoir holds one gallon and will supply the burner
from twelve to fourteen hours, producing a light equal to eight gas
jets.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




                                 Index.


       ════╤════════════════════╤═════╤══════════╤═══════╤══════
       No. │  Style of Stove.   │Page.│   Code   │Weight │Price.
           │                    │     │  Word.   │Crated.│
       ────┼────────────────────┼─────┼──────────┼───────┼──────
          3│“New Process”       │    4│Lion      │    150│$28 00
          4│“New Process”       │    5│Bear      │    170│ 26 00
          7│“New Process”       │    6│Tiger     │    175│ 25 00
          8│“New Process”       │    7│Hyena     │    200│ 29 00
          —│Repairs             │    8│—         │      —│     —
        520│“Standard” Ther-Lite│   14│Pack      │     60│ 12 00
        521│“Standard” Ther-Lite│   15│Paint     │     70│ 14 00
        525│“Standard” Ther-Lite│   16│Pick      │    100│ 18 00
        526│“Standard” Ther-Lite│   17│Pound     │    115│ 20 00
       For the light attachment add $2.00 to list price. In
       using telegraph code where the light attachment is
       desired add the suffix “ing” to code word.
        151│Standard Giant      │   19│White     │     40│ $8 00
        152│Standard Giant      │   19│Black     │     50│ 10 00
        160│Standard Giant      │   20│Red       │     60│ 10 00
        161│Standard Giant      │   21│Blue      │     70│ 12 00
        165│Standard Giant      │   22│Green     │    100│ 18 00
        166│Standard Giant      │   23│Yellow    │    115│ 20 00
          1│Globe, Jr.          │   25│Iron      │     20│  4 00
         01│Globe, Jr.          │   25│Wheat     │     20│  3 50
          2│Globe, Jr.          │   26│Steel     │     25│  5 50
         02│Globe, Jr.          │   26│Corn      │     25│  5 00
          3│Globe, Jr.          │   27│Tin       │     30│  7 00
         03│Globe, Jr.          │   27│Oats      │     30│  6 50
         22│Globe, Jr.          │   28│Brass     │     35│  7 50
        022│Globe, Jr.          │   28│Rye       │     35│  7 00
         23│Globe, Jr.          │   29│Copper    │     40│  9 00
        023│Globe, Jr.          │   29│Barley    │     40│  8 50
         24│Globe, Jr.          │   30│Silver    │     65│ 14 00
         25│Globe, Jr.          │   31│Gold      │     75│ 16 00
       When Nos. 01, 02, 03, 022 and 023 are wanted with
       skeleton frame deduct 50c from list price. Add suffix
       “skeleton” to code word.
          —│Repairs, Giant      │   32│—         │      —│     —
          —│Repairs, Globe      │   33│—         │      —│     —
          A│Camp and Yacht      │   34│Trout     │     25│$14 00
          B│Camp and Yacht      │   35│Bass      │     30│ 17 00
        351│Wickless Blue Flame │   38│Snug      │     30│  6 00
        352│Wickless Blue Flame │   39│Sharp     │     40│  8 00
        251│Wickless Blue Flame │   40│Small     │     40│  9 50
        252│Wickless Blue Flame │   41│Smooth    │     50│ 12 00
        260│Wickless Blue Flame │   42│Short     │     60│ 12 00
        261│Wickless Blue Flame │   43│Simple    │     70│ 14 50
        265│Wickless Blue Flame │   44│Safe      │    100│ 19 00
        266│Wickless Blue Flame │   45│Sure      │    115│ 22 00
        275│Wickless Blue Flame │   46│Security  │    140│ 21 00
        276│Wickless Blue Flame │   47│Simplicity│    150│ 24 00
          —│Repairs             │   48│—         │      —│     —
        101│Wick Blue Flame     │   50│Diamond   │     40│  9 50
        102│Wick Blue Flame     │   51│Ruby      │     50│ 12 00
        120│Wick Blue Flame     │   52│Carbuncle │     65│ 12 00
        121│Wick Blue Flame     │   53│Sapphire  │     75│ 14 50
        125│Wick Blue Flame     │   54│Emerald   │    110│ 19 00
        126│Wick Blue Flame     │   55│Opal      │    120│ 22 00
        105│Wick Blue Flame     │   56│Cameo     │    150│ 21 00
        106│Wick Blue Flame     │   57│Pearl     │    160│ 24 00
         99│Wick Blue Flame     │   58│Handy     │     19│  5 00
        127│Wick Blue Flame     │   59│Ohio      │     46│  8 00
        128│Wick Blue Flame     │   60│Iowa      │     72│ 12 50
          —│Repairs             │   61│—         │      —│     —
          —│Ovens               │   62│—         │      —│     —
          —│N. P. Heater        │   64│Corker    │     23│  6 00
          —│Standard Heater     │   65│Hot       │     20│  5 00
         25│Lamp                │   66│—         │      —│     —
        250│Lamp                │   67│—         │      —│     —
       5000│Lamp                │   67│—         │      —│     —
          —│Street Light        │   69│Street    │ 30 Per│  8 00
           │                    │     │          │   doz.│   Per
           │                    │     │          │       │  doz.
          —│Gasoline Torch      │   70│Faker     │     50│ 18 00
          —│Oil Torch           │   70│Helper    │     50│ 21 00
       ────┴────────────────────┴─────┴──────────┴───────┴──────

                   =Shepherd=—Ship quick by Express.
                   =Shudder=—Ship quick by Freight.
                   =Siberian=—Send by Mail.
                   =Sincerity=—When can you ship?
                   =Smuggler=—Have you shipped?
                   =Songster=—Have you received?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

                  [Illustration: THE SAFETY & ECONOMY]




TERMS....


    Sixty days or two per cent. discount for cash in ten days.

    Remittances must be made in funds par in Cleveland or New York.

    All goods are shipped at owner’s risk in order to secure a low
    rate of freight. All stoves are carefully crated and our
    responsibility ceases when we have obtained a receipt from the
    transportation company, showing that the goods were shipped in
    good order.

    All parts and repairs are sold invariably for cash.

    No allowance will be made for freight or express charges on
    repairs.

    Prices are subject to change without notice.

                                                       THE STANDARD
                                                       LIGHTING COMPANY.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Standard Lighting Company
Catalogue for 1901, by Standard Lighting

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE STANDARD LIGHTING ***

***** This file should be named 54399-0.txt or 54399-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/4/3/9/54399/

Produced by Chris Curnow, ellinora and the Online
Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net (This
file was produced from images generously made available
by The Internet Archive)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

